feat: only validate immutable fields if value has changed (#14422)
shopware/platform: RELEASE_INFO-6.7.md

* `custom_field.type`
* `custom_field_set.name`

> Trying to update these columns now results in a `WriteConstraintViolationException` with the message `The field foo is immutable and cannot be updated.`, giving developers clear feedback when attempting to change these values. If the original value is not set, or the value doesnt change, no exception is thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trying to update these columns now results in a `WriteConstraintViolationException` with the message `The field foo is immutable and cannot be updated.`, giving developers clear feedback when attempting to change these values.
If the value is not set in the payload, or the value won't change, no exception is thrown.
```

* `custom_field_set.name`

Trying to update these columns now results in a `WriteConstraintViolationException` with the message `The field foo is immutable and cannot be updated.`, giving developers clear feedback when attempting to change these values.
If the value is not set in the payload, or the value won't change, no exception is thrown.

> Trying to update these columns now results in a `WriteConstraintViolationException` with the message `The field foo is immutable and cannot be updated.`, giving developers clear feedback when attempting to change these values. If the original value is not set, or the value doesnt change, no exception is thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
